Alex Motz
Scene 1 Intro File (Displays Intro text):

You’re on the plain between life and death.
Everything is slipping away.
You don’t feel anything…
I light appears in front you.
“What a tragedy. You have only but one day to live. Make the most of it”

You wake up in a cold sweat.
Thank god it’s all a dream.
However, all is not right. The dark figure stands by your bed.
It vanishes.
It was not a dream. There is no denying it, you are going to die tonight.

What about all of you hopes and dreams? What have you been educating yourself for all your life?
You were given a lot of hope.
All for it to be ripped away, tearing you in the process…

You’re still comprehending the severity of the situation. 

You start to panic, but you attempt to calm yourself down. You attempt to collect your thoughts and accept the situation.

Sure 


You start to think about what means most to you. You think about your mother and father. 

However, there’s no denying spending time with your friends would also be a viable option. You’ve seen them at their weakest, and you’ve been through a lot together in the past year. However, they have never been ones for emotional breakdowns. Maybe a party would be a better idea

It’s the day before exams. All of your friends including you were hard at working studying for exams for  the past week. You may never get to see them again though. You think of all the experiences you’ve been through together. It’s only been a year, but your friendship has been
You haven’t talked to your sister in years… what were you fighting about again? Anyway it seemed very important at the time. It may be a good idea to make peace with her 
before you have departed from this life.

puts “You dial up her number. You know your sister will take the phone call as a victory” puts “for her. However, you’re going to die. Losing an argument will be a trivial victory” puts “by tomorrow morning.”

puts You call her up: *bzzt*
puts *bzzt*
puts No answer…
puts You call again.
puts *bzzt* *click*
puts Look he came crawling back.
puts You roll your eyes

“I’m sorry”
Didn’t hear you. Can you repeat that?
	You: (muttered)  i’m sorry
Sister: Louder!
	You: I’M SORRY
Sister: Heard you the first time. To be honest, I don’t even remember what the argument was about. Probably something small. You still probably wronged me, so I’m glad we could make repentance. I forgive you.
“Ready for your apology”
She hangs up on you. Nice job.
*Csssh* Domino’s pizza, how may I help you?”
Her: I’d like a genuine apology. Extra suck up. 

It may be time for you to become holy. You’re parents never really pushed religion on you as a child, but in order to reassure your fear of death, you could choose to believe in an afterlife. 

You decide to create your own religion. After all, you know something or someone told you that you were going to die. You’re more qualified to make a religion than most people. But how are you going to manage it? You don’t have the money?

You ride out to time square. You find a piece of cardboard and start attracting attention with your unusually deep vocal cords. Many people pull out their phones and film you. Sure you're making a fool of yourself, but you are spreading the word.

You decide to take advantage of the situation by putting down a tin can to collect cash in. By the end of the day you’ve collected 

You’ve collected quite a following.

You pray to the elusive hooded figure, promising life after death.
You feel 

Class Time: 
Object: 8:00AM 

Object: 3:00PM

Object: Sunset
Play ending:
If Satisfactory = 2; play “Satisfactory ending”
If Satisfactory = 1; play “Partially satisfactory ending”
If Satisfactory = 0; play “Unsatisfied ending”
8:00AM and 3:00PM options lead to these decisions:
Object: Mission briefing for 8:00AM
“”
Object: Mission briefing for 3:00PM
“”
---------------------------------------------------------------
File 2: Main decisions

Class: Talk to those closest to you
“”
File 3:
Scene 2.1: Object: -  Call your Parents
You start dialing in the numbers. With each press on your phone you feel more tense. You hit the call button… here goes nothing
???: Hello?
	You freeze up after hearing your mother’s voice on the other end.
Convince her you’re going to die
	You: Mom, I’m going to die
	Mother: What!? What’s happening? Are you being serious?
	You: Yes. Tomorrow you will never see me again. I don’t know what’s happening, but please trust me.
	Mother: 
Ask to hang out with them urgently without mentioning death
	Thankfully, your parents live two - three hours away. You don’t want to scare them with the news.
	You: Hey mom. Do you want to spend some time together later?

Talk to them normally
	You
End
1 Satisfactory
Scene 2.2: Object: -  Call your sister (Objective: Resolve the conflict)
“I’m sorry”
“Ready for your apology”
*Csssh* Domino’s pizza, how may I help you?”
End
1 Satisfactory or 1 Unsatisfactory depending on route
Scene 2.3: Object: -  Talk to your friends

Convince them you’re going to die
Beg for his support
Give up
Ask to study with them
End
1 Unsatisfactory
Class: Create your legacy
“”
File 4:
Scene 2.4: Object: -  Find someone to continue your research
Give it to a colleague
Spread your findings online
Publish your current findings
Destroy it all
End
1 Satisfactory or 1 Unsatisfactory depending on route

Scene 2.5: Object  -  Win something
Transfer to win something file
Find Local competitions in the area
You’ve always wanted to be the best at something. N
Writing
Math
End
1 Satisfactory
Spend all your money on lottery tickets
4,967 chance
End
¼,967 chance of Satisfactory
Play bingo
1/10 chance 
End
1/10 chance of Satisfactory
Get revenge on your enemies
Attempt murder
Destroy their legacy
	End
1 Unsatisfactory
Class: Think about the meaning of life
“‘
File 5: 
Scene 2.6: Object -    Become religious
“”
Create your own Religion
Preach
Create an outline for your Bible
Spread the word
End
1 Satisfactory or 1 Unsatisfactory depending on route
Join an existing Religion
Reconciliation
pray
	End
	1 Satisfactory
	    
Class: Study for your Exams
	End
	1 Unsatisfactory
Class: Start the greatest party of all time
“”
 File 6:
Scene 2.7: Object: Call friends
“”
Call Suzy
Call that kids whose got the stuff
Call a party planner
Scene 2.8: Object: Buy food
“”
         -	Pizza
         - 	Alcohol 
         -  Chicken wings
         -  Vegan chicken salad
Scene 2.9: Object: Hire a band
“”
Fellow college students
Watergate
End
1 Satisfactory or 1 Unsatisfactory route
Scene 1.2: Object: Next Scene: Party: How it goes down
Dance
Socialize
Hangout with someone's dog
Drink your problems away
End
	1 Satisfactory or 1 Unsatisfactory depending on route
Scene 3: File 7: Class Ending
How to achieve:
Satisfied Ending: Met with family and made a positive impact
Partially satisfied ending: 
Unsatisfied ending: Waste too much time picking less important paths
2 Satisfactory = Object: Satisfied Ending
“”
Check phone
Ignore
end
1 Satisfactory = Object: Partially satisfied ending
“”
Check phone
Ignore

end
2 Unsatisfactory = Object: Unsatisfied ending
“”

End

Puts “ You drive out of the city to view your final sunset”
Puts “ You think of all that could’ve been,”
Puts “ But  instead you wasted these last final moments”
Puts “ being as trivial and unimportant as you have always been”
Puts “THE END

Puts “ You drive out of the city to view your final sunset”
Puts “ You think of all that could’ve been,”
Puts “ But you did make something of these final moments.”
Puts “\n”
puts “Yet…”
puts “You still fear death”
puts “The sunset seems extra spectacular tonight.”
puts “But the feeling of dread is too much to bear”
puts *Bzzt*
Puts “It’s your sister. She’s sent you a text”
Puts “It’s a picture of a baby boy you didn’t even know she had”
Puts “\n”
Puts “This makes you so damn happy.”
Puts “Life goes on”
Puts “People live and die”
Puts “Time to come to the same fate as the majority  of human beings have already succumbed to”
Puts “THE END
